it's it's an honor and a privilege to be
the first polar to do in five US Opens
to surpass kick lever and don carter in
the US open all-star tournament is more
than i can really ask for but you know
what i am never ever going to say that I
was better than those two those two
passed away for us those two are the
best bowlers in the world not me amazing
run to where you stand today began in
match play yesterday talked about
weeding your way through the field and
claiming the last spot on this
television show well you know I didn't
really do so good the first eight games
of match play actually shot 163 the
first game yesterday morning and one of
my dear friends gave you a little tip
and I really tried to do it and I thank
him so much for it if he's still around
thank you very much and you know who I'm
talking to but you know after that I
mean all of a sudden I had a nice ball
reaction I kept with it slamming Del
Ballard kept me up to date with some new
poll involves and they really worked
last night and you know I think I went
12 and were 12 and 6 my last 60 4 12 and
for my last 16 games match play so
without slamming Del here and the other
guy I probably would have been here
today and it's just a great honor and
privilege to be standing here as your
chance yeah
we have a little matching ensemble for
you to go with that green storm shirt
let's bring out the green jacket in the
present yeah yeah yeahs the BPA a this
was great television great match I want
to congratulate you on your achievement
thank you yeah this is we call one for
the thumb now yeah that's kind of a
little bit for my fingers again like
yeah there you go thanks to the DPLA for
releasing the US Open or sponsoring the
US open again I thoroughly think this is
the best tournament year I don't think
there's any other title that's more
prestigious than this one and I just
want to thank everybody I want to thank
Barbara here at Carolee raise all the
scorekeepers and everybody that did all
their volunteer work for us this year
Oh Lynette without Rick we're going to
be doing everything ourselves so
volunteers thank you so much and Carol
anywhere I do favorite place to be yeah
we have a broken trophy presentation
break US open champion Hall of Famer
Chandra track we have guests don carter
you passed your dad you are really
breathing rarified air right now it's
it's great and i want to wish you
congratulations from the entire staff at
brunswick zone Carolee uh maybe you
should buy some stock in the place I you
know I watch it Bulba to the pro-am when
you were 15 I want you to get your first
one in Connecticut and nothing's changed
you've been to another level I have
everybody congratulations and now and
just to make think a little bit more
like made the trophy
hey you know how to do I won your first
inaugural of jacket ragley open here
right here at caroler lanes and that
Lizabeth 1991 to have it 21 years later
you present me another trophy of carol
air lands is a complete honor and
privilege so giant trevally thank you so
much the CEO of the PBA is here with a
expensive piece of paper for you thanks
so much for letting us a witness history
and for your commitment to the sport in
your organization and if you're going to
buy the stock at John you want to do so
help a little bit like nanometers Jeff
because this might be the first check
I've ever been handed without Tracy
being up here so thank you so much
like I said it's an honor privilege to
be here it's it's just not like I say
I'm really speechless right now but to
the fans to the workers to the whole
Carol airlines to new brunswick new
jersey to the state of New Jersey I Love
New Jersey yeah you got to be stuck with
me for a long time that all right oh
yeah p I thanks again everybody I really
appreciate it it's just a wonderful day
okay I can't think of a better way to
spend the day also on the postgame show
you know our good friend Ken DC bar is
watching beat live on extra frame
Kenny's probably out there room for you
I know you're out there looking candy
and this one's for you pal thank you so
much for loving me and be my friend
there's nothing wrong with you you're
the coolest kid in the whole world I
love you when you telling it all favor
55 / champion
we would like to thank everybody you
guys the best asset qualifying programs
match play today we look forward to
coming back to brunswick zone para leer
next time around